I don't care at all now when I'm going to die
It would be a good thing if I could end my life of despair and pain
Happy Planet Xiaooubao couldn't help but scribbled a lot of lines on his hand, and he was anxious about leaving scars after scribing.
My slaughter, when can I really abandon all of this and end myself recklessly
Which boss has cyanide? Ask for sale!
Every once in a while, I want to die, I have no goals, and I have no interest in anything. I used to just want to die, but recently I am thinking about how to die. After waking up, I still feel nothing interesting, and occasionally want to die, but not so broken. I cry when I go out, my friends say I feel stupid
There are 18 wounds on my wrist, there will be two more after tonight, I'm waiting for the day I can't survive and escape this world
I was seriously depressed at home on the street. I really wanted to die, but I really wanted to, but what would happen to my family when I died. . I keep torturing myself like this every day. .
No one at FUMINQI can understand my current mood and situation. If I can't think about it, then even if I can't think about it, there is no point in living. It's my fault that I'm not brave enough, so let's end it with an accident. I'm about to collapse.
If it wasn't for my brother who looked at me with red eyes and touched my head tonight, I really wanted to die. Anyway, they were blaming me, and they all felt that I did not do well. What's the use of working hard?
When I think that I will die sooner or later, I feel inexplicably relieved
My life is so hard, I can't stand it anymore
By the way, hello everyone, I'm CC, I'm so tired, I want to die
When I was drowning in Sanqian elementary school, I thought death was a terrible thing, but somehow in the six years from middle school to high school, all I thought about was death
I don't really want to die that much, it's just that I can't live anymore
Warm little sunflower - I have seen a lot of suicide methods these days, and I am getting more and more determined on the road of giving up. I don't want to live in endless collapse every day, life is better than death
When will the days with no end come to an end?
My life is counting down
It's such a blessing to die in an accident
When all my festering and decaying scars were seen. I really don't know how to accept these things, the secrets that rot in my heart, the secrets that drag me to death
Taro ball pearl sago
A person who insists on living is like putting a mountain on my back every time someone says to live well. crush me
Naikukw really wants to die
Chishima Tsuko went home this week and was scolded again. I was never asked if I wanted to live like this. A little rebuttal is said to be unconscionable. Sometimes I really want to die. But I'm a useless fool
I don't have the courage to die, I'm looking forward to when there will be a catastrophe
There are so many people like me, and suddenly I feel that even if I die, there are many people to be with me, it's good
It's almost over, I really want to die
Zi Nian Chen Tang, I just wanted to take a day off on Saturday, but the whole family came out and said that I was wrong, saying that I should not rest now, so when can I rest, I can die, right?
How can I die quickly without pain except for sleeping pills
Liang 0915 went home, looking at his parents who were so tired, he wanted to die even more. It was I who dragged them down and bought insurance. Although my death was not worth much, even if the insurance didn't pay, they would be better off.
The wish is to die today, to die tomorrow, to die in the next second, to die now
posxsu gluttony, pessimistic self-mutilation, wanting to die, but still worried
I don't dare to fall asleep, I don't want to dream
It's almost over, what the hell is there to live for? I'm not happy at all
Winter dumpling is a doughnut. 19 years seems to be ready to end. I seem to be getting worse the more I live. Can the inferiority complex in my bones really be removed?
I just told my mother to take me to see a psychiatrist tomorrow morning, she scolded me and slapped me in the face and said I shouldn't pretend to be sick when I'm not sick, I'm laughing, I'll die, I'll wait too late
I really want to die, I deserve it, I should never have come into this world.
On the 3rd of November, my thoughts of despair came up, and it was difficult to calm down. Today on the 9th of November, I am still the same as that day, and I can't calm down the same day as the thoughts at night. If I die in a foreign country, I will ask my friends to help my parents. The useless me who will cause trouble for others even if I collect corpses
Hi FUMINQI, here we go again. I don't want to cry now, I still hope that an accident can happen, so that I can end my life if I'm not brave. I don't want to see the mountains and the sea, and I don't want to expect more.
Those who want to live have no choice but to wait to die, and those who want to die have no choice but to live
Let loneliness bloom and die, I'm too lazy to die I just want to lie down like this
I really want to die, I really regret why I didn't die sooner ​​​​
I also think of you today, although I don’t know you, but I want to go with you
I just want to see a psychiatrist. Is it so hard to hear it? After I heard it, I yelled and slapped me in the face. Why didn’t you stab me to death with a knife? It's a perfect idea when you want to kill me. Why didn't you insist on your own ideas?
Maybe I'm dying of stomach cancer and kidney failure Don't save me this is the best ending
I don't want anything I just want euthanasia
What if I disappear twice, does God not want me to die or continue to torture me
I want to die, but I can't find the right way, I'm afraid of pain, but life is more painful
Cicada swallow w, otherwise everything should have ended long ago
Why are you torturing me like this